Add experimental FixedSizeRoundRobinReservoir (#8305)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add `WithUnsafeAttributes` to `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric/x` as an experimental no-copy attribute option intended for future performance work. This is a work in progress. (#8251)

> - Add experimental `FixedSizeRoundRobinReservoir` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/exemplar/x`. Use this for better concurrent performance than `FixedSizeReservoir`, but with some bias due to round-robining. (#8305)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add experimental `FixedSizeRoundRobinReservoir` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/exemplar/x`. Use this for better concurrent performance than `FixedSizeReservoir`, but with some bias due to using round-robin. (#8305)
```

> - Add experimental `FixedSizeRoundRobinReservoir` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/exemplar/x`. Use this for better concurrent performance than `FixedSizeReservoir`, but with some bias due to round-robining. (#8305)

Reviewer: I made a similar comment

- Add `Map` and `MapValue` functions for new `MAP` attribute type in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/attribute`. (#8445)
- Add `WithUnsafeAttributes` to `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric/x` as an experimental no-copy attribute option intended for future performance work. This is a work in progress. (#8251)

> - Add experimental `FixedSizeRoundRobinReservoir` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/exemplar/x`. Use this for better concurrent performance than `FixedSizeReservoir`, but with some bias due to using round-robin. (#8305)

Author: addressed in 794e9413e

> 

Author: The bias is real but far narrower than the PR describes — here it is quantified. replace the hand-wave in `reservoir.go:20-25` and the README with (a) the `1/n_j` retention rule and the `(q+1)/q` bound, (b) the one-per-residue-class property, (c) the `gcd(p,k) > 1` hazard, (d) the fact that outlier capture is unchanged, and (e) an explicit "not eligible to be the spec default" note.

> 

Author: Small consistency items
